hi I'm Susan BBC Jersey I'm going to
show you how to make parm ears
Tommy heads are a classic French biscuit
which is denoted by their shape which
some people often referred to as looking
like a palm tree the reason I love these
is they sound really fancy but actually
really simple to make all you need to
make this biscuit as a sheet of puff
pastry I've got one ready rolled like
this and I'm using all butter as I think
it makes the best results so I'm going
to show you how to make a savory
palmiers today using Parmesan cheese but
you can really easily fill it with
something sweet as well which I'll show
you later so all I'm going to do to
start is create a nice even layer over
the pastry you want to make sure you get
right to the corners of the pastry so
that every person gets a biscuit nicely
filled of cheese so now I've got a nice
even layer of Parmesan cheese
and if you're working with a dry
ingredient like this it's best to press
it down with a rolling pin so it sticks
to the pastry this is the same as you're
doing a sweet filling such as DeNiro
sugar or a bit of cinnamon start making
the biscuits you just want to roll
really tightly length laid into the
center so that you get a really nice
spiral inside the biscuit a really nice
savory filling would also be a bit of
passing yards or some pesto or for a bit
of a fiery kick you could also use
Rishta I also find adding a few chopped
nuts or a little bit of woody heard such
as time really make this quite exciting
that's about halfway so all I'm going to
do is swap it around and do the other
side in exactly the same way
[Music]
now this get a define biscuit roll the
two together using the picture now I
want to kill the biscuits as long as
possible that will make it easier for
them to cut but don't worry if you're
running short of time you miss Potter
music 20 minutes my bisque is a really
nice and cold now so I'm ready to slice
them so pets get really defined edges on
your biscuits it's use a sharp knife and
then stuff it's like your wrist bit of
flour and this ensures that the biscuits
don't stick to it you want to spread
your biscuits a little way apart because
they will spread at this in the oven so
I'm just cutting them about one
centimeter thick that's my first batch
done I'm just going to bake these on a
really high heat until they're nicely
golden
so my palm ears are done now and as you
can see they're really lightly golden
and crisp the letters of the glass of
ice-cold wine since you have Hallett
knives to gently ease them off the paper
and there you have your par me a biscuit
they really couldn't be any easier
I've actually made some sweet palm years
earlier as well using exactly the same
process but filling them with a little
bit generous sugar and cinnamon rather
than the cheese these make a great
little snack after coffee with friends
and that's how to make cameos by BBC
good to see
[Music]